[DOC-364] Add docs for fixing a lagging master (#22741)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/manage-deployments/remove-nodes.md

1. Updates the Master addresses flag on all other nodes to inform them of the new Master.

## Fix a lagging master process

> If a master process is down for more than its [WAL log retention period](../../../reference/configuration/yb-master/#log-min-seconds-to-retain) (defaults to 2 hrs) and then becomes healthy, it will be unable to catch up to its peers. In this scenario, the nodes tab will show that the master is in a healthy state but YugabyteDB Anywhere generates an "under-replicated masters" alert. To fix this situation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a master process is down for more than its [WAL log retention period](../../../reference/configuration/yb-master/#log-min-seconds-to-retain) (defaults to 2 hrs) and then becomes healthy, it will be unable to catch up to its peers. In this scenario, the **Nodes** tab shows that the master is in a healthy state but YugabyteDB Anywhere generates an "under-replicated masters" alert. To fix this situation, do the following:
```

> 1. Identify the lagging master through the Master -> "Master Follower Lag" metric on the Universe Metrics page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Identify the lagging master.  Navigate to **Universes**, select your universe, open the **Metrics** tab, and select **Master > Master Follower Lag** metric. 
```

> 2. On the Nodes page, click the [**Actions > Stop Processes**](#stop-a-process) action on the node with the lagging master. As part of the execution of this action, a new master process might be started on a different node in the same Availability Zone if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the **Nodes** page, click the [**Actions > Stop Processes**](#stop-a-process) action on the node with the lagging master. As part of the execution of this action, a new master process might be started on a different node in the same Availability Zone (if possible).
```

> 3. When the "Stop Processes" task completes, click the [**Actions > Start Processes**](#start-a-process) action on the same node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When the "Stop Processes" task completes, click the [**Actions > Start Processes**](#start-a-process) action on the same node.
```

> 4. Verify that the cluster has RF (Replication Factor) count of healthy masters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify that the cluster has an [RF](../../../architecture/key-concepts/#replication-factor-rf) count of healthy masters.
```
